There are two build systems in this directory: a simple one and an 
cmake one. If you don't need to use additional libraries, both
can be good for you. If you want to use additional libraries, you
should modify the build system. To modify the cmake system the
knowledge of cmake is needed.

To use the simple build system (consists of 2 files: configure-simple and 
Makefile-simple):

1. ./configure-simple --help
2. /.configure-simple [your arguments]
3. make -f Makefile-simple mainNN
4. source config.csh (of source config.sh depending on your shell). This
   is needed only for advanced examples NN > 77
5. mainNN.exe


Description of the usage of autotooled system follows.


Start configuration of the directory /examples with:

> ./configure [arguments]

The first of the above commands is optional, needed if you
changed the files configure.ac or Makefile.am or if you use a different
version of autotools

To see possible arguments of the script configure type:

> ./configure --help

To compile examples type:

> make mainNN

with NN - number of example. The executable mainNN will be created from
the file mainNN.f or mainNN.cc.

The pathes to the linked libraries normally should be "rpathed" into
the executables and found at runtime. If this is not the case
you can set the variable LD_LIBRARY_PATH

If your LHAPDF installation is non-standard it is possible that
PDF sets are not found at runtime. In this case the variable
LHAPATH should be set.


The description of examples follows.

main61 - main76 - author examples

main77 - example that uses isajet and feynhiggs
(It does not work yet: requires isajet and feynhiggs)

main78, main79 - HepMC examples

main81 - example of using LHAPDF PDF sets

It is possible to compile and run the examples main78 or 79 only
after configuring with arguments specifying the path to HepMC
(and optionally to CLHEP)

To run the example main79.cc you will have to download a PDG table from:
'http://pdg.lbl.gov/computer_read.html' and name it 'PDG_ParticleDataTable.txt'

It is possible to compile and run the example main81 only
after configuring with arguments specifying the path to LHAPDF

main78 produces 10 MB output file.


AN IMPORTANT NOTE (needs a regular fix): 
If shared libraries are used, Pythia BlockData is taken only
if Pythia is the first in the list of libraries.
